Improve the readme (#475)
Homebrew/homebrew-test-bot: README.md

Homebrew Test Bot

> =================

Reviewer: Please don't make changes like this, it makes the overall changes hard to follow based on your syntax preferences.

> Homebrew comes with a comprehensive suite of tools that lets you
> validate that both your homebrew installation is working and prove that
> a formula is working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Homebrew provides tools to verify your Homebrew installation and validate formula installation. Homebrew Test Bot uses these to automate the formula build and test process and upload the produced binaries.
```

> Homebrew Test Bot uses these tools to simplify the automation of your
> formula publishing process including Checking your installation,
> Checking your Formula, and Building and uploading binaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Install
-------

`brew test-bot` is automatically installed when first run.

Usage
-----

Here are some of the most common use-cases for `brew test-bot`

> ### Locally Validating a formula

Reviewer: I don't really consider this a common use-case.

If this is for a custom tap, first, tap the repository.

    brew tap "custom/tap"

Then make your changes.

    echo $YOUR_CHANGES > "$(brew --repo)/Library/Taps/custom/homebrew-tap/Formula/your-formula.rb"

Next, we can validate our changes, including testing and linting, and
dependency checks.

    brew test-bot "custom/tap/your-formula"

### Validating a formula change in GitHub actions

You are running on GitHub actions test-bot will try to fix any potential
problems in the homebrew repository deleting the `$(brew --repo)/Cellar`
before performing any operations. If you've intentionally made changes
there, they will be lost, what's more `--cleanup` is always passed.

> When `--cleanup` is passed, we hard reset the taps to "origin/master",

Reviewer: I'd rather we point to (and update, if necessary) `--help` instead of documenting behaviour here that may change in future.

as such your changes will need to be cloneable from "master".

If you're using this tool for a personal tap, and as such won't have the
changes on `master` because you're validating a pull request, or want to
use another default branch, As a workaround, you can unset the

> `GITHUB_ACTIONS` environment variable to stop this behaviour, and

Reviewer: I don't want to recommend this here.

Author: I think I'll swap out this whole section to just a be a reference to the `tap-new` command

manually triggering the clean-up steps.

    brew update-reset
    brew test-bot --cleanup --only-cleanup-before
    echo $YOUR_CHANGES > "$(brew --repo)/Library/Taps/custom/homebrew-tap/Formula/your-formula.rb"
    unset GITHUB_ACTIONS
    brew test-bot "custom/tap/your-formula"

### Building Binaries for that formula

Currently, we only support bintray as a destination for binaries.

    brew test-bot \
      --ci-upload \
      --bintray-org="your-org" \
      --root-url="https://dl.bintray.com/custom/bottles-repo" \
      --tap=custom/tap \
      --publish \
       custom/tap/your-formula

Remember to replace
"\[[[https://dl.bintray.com/custom/bottles-repo"](https://dl.bintray.com/custom/bottles-repo")](https://dl.bintray.com/custom/bottles-repo")\]([https://dl.bintray.com/custom/bottles-repo"](https://dl.bintray.com/custom/bottles-repo"))
with the path to your bottle location.

Then push the changes it's made to the tap to include the download
information in the formula.

    cd "$(brew --repo)/Library/Taps/custom/homebrew-tap"
    git push

### Full options

> See [the `brew test-bot` section of the `brew man`

Reviewer: Please revert this.

output](https://docs.brew.sh/Manpage#test-bot-options-formula) or
`brew test-bot --help`.

Tests
-----

> You can run the tests with `bundle install && bundle exec rspec`.

Reviewer: Please revert this.
